Chapter 7 Bodies
7.1 About
Bodies have position and velocity. You can apply forces, torques, and impulses to bodies. 
Bodies can be static, kinematic, or dynamic. Here are the body type definitions:

b2_staticBody
A static body has does not move under simulation and behaves as if it has infinite mass. 
Internally, Box2D stores zero for the mass and the inverse mass. Static bodies can be moved manually by the user. A static body has zero velocity. 
Static bodies do not collide with other static or kinematic bodies.

b2_kinematicBody
A kinematic body moves under simulation according to its velocity.
Kinematic bodies do not respond to forces. 
They can be moved manually by the user, but normally a kinematic body is moved by setting its velocity. 
A kinematic body behaves as if it has infinite mass, however, Box2D stores zero for the mass and the inverse mass. 
Kinematic bodies do not collide with other static or kinematic bodies.

b2_dynamicBody
A dynamic body is fully simulated.
They can be moved manually by the user, but normally they move according to forces.
A dynamic body can collide with all body types. A dynamic body always has finite, non-zero mass. 
If you try to set the mass of a dynamic body to zero, it will automatically acquire a mass of one kilogram.

Bodies are the backbone for fixtures. 
Bodies carry fixtures and move them around in the world.
Bodies are always rigid bodies in Box2D. 
That means that two fixtures attached to the same rigid body never move relative to each other.

Fixtures have collision geometry and density. Normally, bodies acquire their mass properties from the fixtures. 
However, you can override the mass properties after a body is constructed. 
This is discussed below.

You usually keep pointers to all the bodies you create. 
This way you can query the body positions to update the positions of your graphical entities. 
You should also keep body pointers so you can destroy them when you are done with them.

note: It is faster to attach several shapes to a static body than to create several static bodies with a single shape on each one